Add information about cross-domain tracking (#5965)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/index.md

Because Segment tracks across subdomains, you can either use the same Segment source, or use separate sources for each subdomain. What you decide depends on your team's goals for tracking each subdomain.

> info ""

> > Segment does not offer tracking across top-level domains out of the box. If you wish to track across **top-level domains**, you can utilize our [Querystring API](https://segment.com/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/querystring/){:target="_blank"} to pass the anonymousId from Website A to Website B in the querystring. When a user moves from Website A to Website B with the anonymousId in the querystring, AJS reads that value and sets the anonymousId to it, rather than generating a new one.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Segment doesn't offer tracking across top-level domains out of the box. If you want to track across top-level domains, you can utilize Segment's [Querystring API](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/querystring/){:target="_blank"} to pass the anonymousId from Website A to Website B in the query string. When a user moves from Website A to Website B with the anonymousId in the query string, Analytics.js reads that value and sets the anonymousId to it, rather than generating a new one.  
```
